today I'm gonna be having a look at a
very special edition of the Razer Naga
this is the Razer Naga Moulton special
edition so this is an expert MMO gaming
mouse for gamers by gamers which is
Razer slogan it comes in a very similar
packaging to the regular Naga MMO
optimized multi-button thumb grid the
multi button thumb gritted of the Razer
Naga Moulton special edition creates an
entirely new way of playing MMO games
which I actually don't use from memos
because I don't play a memos but I have
used it for some offline RPGs like
Dragon Age as well as torchlight and
it's awesome so I don't have a molten
Edition I have a regular naka but I just
just love the way that the the grid is
so easily accessible from with your
thumb in addition by using razor driver
software you can send any key or custom
macro to all 17 buttons out standing ok
what else do we got here 17 MMO
optimized buttons maximum comfort for
long gaming sessions and it's true
custom interface add-ons for MMO games
as well as an ergonomic design 3.5
Julie's air sensor it has a great sensor
1000 Hertz
ultra poling on-the-fly sensitivity as
well as ultra slick Mouse feet on the
back we find more of the same
7-foot lightweight braided fiber cable
gold plated USB connector anti-slip
rubber coating on the top as well as a
scroll wheel with 24 individual click
positions is that so
I have never bothered count how many
click positions there are on a MOS wheel
before and I don't think we're gonna be
able to count this one because you don't
really have any way of knowing where it
starts unless you mark it somehow
alright so let's find out what's in the
box first things first we have razor as
usual excellent packaging which includes
for gamers by gamers Razer zone calm
okay
what do we got in here probably user
guide probably some kind of driver desk
probably a catalogue of other Razer
merchandise probably a certificate of
authenticity there it is blue the grid
trainer so this includes little dots
which you can apply however you desire
to allow you to more easily find your
way around the grid so you've got some
square ones you got some circle ones
whatever you prefer cool Quick Start
Guide master guides some stickers
something about get em BA okay as well
as I bought a catalog so no driver disc
guess you're gonna download the latest
drivers from the Razer website which I
would have expected my more dedicated
viewers to already know to do anyhow so
here why don't we put these back in this
correct order here throw that in there
somewhere
throw that in there somewhere no yes it
will
no it won't I don't know how this is
gonna work okay so put that there and
then let's get the Razer Naga Moulton
edition out of the packaging so here is
the braided cable with gold plated USB
connector next to my keys which no
longer need to be here as well as the
plastic packaging that comes off here
and boom we have unboxed the mouse it
was actually that easy
so the molten Edition here just for the
sake of comparison next to the regular
non molten Edition you know what I think
they've actually slightly altered the
finish on it although it's hard to say
cuz mine's quite worn yeah no maybe not
no I change my mind I don't think
they've changed the finish on it versus
the original Naga okay you can see from
the side that they are quite identical
okay you can see from the other side
they are also quite identical from that
angle as well so it looks like all we've
really changed
is this piece of plastic the pattern on
it from a Razer logo to a cracked
well Razer logo but a more different one
okay so we're gonna go ahead and plug
this in in order to experience what it
looks like side by side with the
original Naga Oh pulsating oh well oh
did they both start pulsating oh no no
that was just the driver - oh well on oh
wow they both started pulsating bizzare
I've never seen my blue one do that
before okay
must be something to do with the driver
so here's the 3.5 G sensor on the bottom
here here's where you can switch between
the number pad or the number buttons at
the top of the keyboard depending what
you want everything bound to the Naga
has exceptional slippy pads going all
the way around almost the bottom of the
mouse the entire circumference and then
here are all of your thumb buttons so in
terms of ergonomics I'm a big fan of the
Naga you know it's probably not great
for people with big hands I have quite
small hands and you can see that I fit
very very comfortably on the Naga being
able to reach the back buttons with the
bottom of my thumb like this the middle
buttons with the top of my thumb as well
as the other two rows it just fits like
an absolute glove for me it's actually
one of my favourite Razer mice in terms
of economics ergonomics in spite of the
fact that it's kind of a weird Mouse and
that it has 17 buttons on it so here's
your back and forward there's your
typical normal buttons that you'd find
on the side of a mouse then you've got
your left and right click your middle
click as well as the 12 buttons on the
side so thank you for checking out my
unboxing of the Razer Naga moulton
special edition don't forget to
subscribe to - tech tips for more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos